feat: add prefer-find-by rule (#144)
testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library: docs/rules/prefer-find-by.md

# Use `find*` query methods to wait for elements instead of waitFor (prefer-find-by)

TBD

## Rule details

This rule aims to use `findBy*` or `findAllBy*` queries to wait for elements, rather than using `waitFor`, or the deprecated methods `waitForElement` and `wait`

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule

```js
const submitButton = await waitFor(() =>
  screen.getByRole('button', { name: /submit/i })
);

const submitButton = await waitFor(() =>
  screen.getAllTestId('button', { name: /submit/i })
);

const submitButton = await waitFor(() =>
  queryByLabel('button', { name: /submit/i })
);

const submitButton = await waitFor(() =>
  queryAllByText('button', { name: /submit/i })
);
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
const submitButton = await findByText('foo');

> const submitButton = await screen.findAllByRole('table');

Reviewer: I would add some correct usages of waitFor here as well.

```

## When Not To Use It

> TBD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't use those rule if you don't care if people aren't following best practices of testing library.
```

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't go that _direct_ here. Better something nicer like "Not encouraging use of `findBy` shortcut from testing library best practices".

## Further Reading

> TBD

Reviewer 2: I would link to [findBy query doc](https://testing-library.com/docs/dom-testing-library/api-queries#findby) here, as it mentions that `findBy` is a shortcut for `waitFor` + `getBy`. I would use the text from that callout as the main inspiration for this url in the description at the top.

# Use `find*` query methods to wait for elements instead of waitFor (prefer-find-by)

findBy* queries are a simple combination of getBy* queries and waitFor. The findBy\* queries accept the waitFor options as the last argument. (i.e. screen.findByText('text', queryOptions, waitForOptions))

## Rule details

This rule aims to use `findBy*` or `findAllBy*` queries to wait for elements, rather than using `waitFor`, or the deprecated methods `waitForElement` and `wait`.  
This rules analyzes those cases where `waitFor` is used with just one query method, in the form of an arrow function with only one statement (that is, without a block of statements). Given the callback could be more complex, this rule does not consider function callbacks or arrow functions with blocks of code

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule

```js
// arrow functions with one statement, using screen and any sync query method
const submitButton = await waitFor(() =>
  screen.getByRole('button', { name: /submit/i })
);
const submitButton = await waitFor(() =>

>   screen.getAllTestId('button', { name: /submit/i })

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  screen.getAllByTestId('button', { name: /submit/i })
```

);

// arrow functions with one statement, calling any sync query method
const submitButton = await waitFor(() =>
  queryByLabel('button', { name: /submit/i })
);

const submitButton = await waitFor(() =>
  queryAllByText('button', { name: /submit/i })
);
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
// using findBy* methods
const submitButton = await findByText('foo');
const submitButton = await screen.findAllByRole('table');

// using waitForElementToBeRemoved
await waitForElementToBeRemoved(() => screen.findAllByRole('button'));
await waitForElementToBeRemoved(() => queryAllByLabel('my label'));
await waitForElementToBeRemoved(document.querySelector('foo'));

// using waitFor with a function
await waitFor(function() {
  foo();
  return getByText('name');
});

// passing a reference of a function
function myCustomFunction() {
  foo();
  return getByText('name');
}
await waitFor(myCustomFunction);

// using waitFor with an arrow function with a code block
await waitFor(() => {
  baz();
  return queryAllByText('foo');
});

// using a custom arrow function

> await waitFor(() => myCustomFunction());

Reviewer 2: Can you add an extra correct usage of `waitFor` within expects?

```javascript
await waitFor(() => expect(screen.getByText('bar').toBeDisabled());
```

Author: done

> # Use `find*` query methods to wait for elements instead of waitFor (prefer-find-by)

Reviewer 2: Can you use here same description from README please?

```suggestion
# Suggest using `findBy*` methods instead of the `waitFor` + `getBy` queries (prefer-find-by)
```

Author: done
